The company's money is the company's money
My money is my money
My company's real estate is unfinished.
Just take my money and transfer it inside
Why should I? This is
Where did the money in your wallet come from?
Not all from the company
Boss Xu wants money or life, you can choose for yourself
Hey, seventh uncle
What do you mean? This is
Either you pay to get the real estate back to work
Turn in your room on time
Or I'll go now
Boss Zhang Shi Xu has handed it over to you.
Okay, Uncle Seven
Seventh Uncle, please help me call the police
Tomorrow afternoon.
Want more body
Hahahaha
Ha, come and save me
Why don't you care about me?
Think clearly
Okay, I will pay for the company's real estate to resume work tomorrow.
Oh, Mr. Zhang!
Mr. Zhang, I have handed over the room on time
Please forgive me.
Hey
Is that right?
Empress Jiao, you pay
Pick up Zhang's mother from the countryside
Settle down well
Is there any problem?
No problem no problem no problem
Zhang's
What else do you want?
Zhang Jie ends
Come from the 7th to the 29th.
I want my big Joe
Now that your wish has been fulfilled
Don't miss it anymore
Hurry up and die